MFA Docs Changes (#6942)
auth0/docs: articles/multifactor-authentication/factors/push.md

---
title: MFA - Push Notifications
description: Using one time passwords with Auth0 MFA
toc: true
topics:
    - mfa
contentType:
  - index
useCase:
  - customize-mfa
---
# MFA with Push Notifications

> MFA by push notification simply requires an appropriate app on the user's device. The app is sent push notifications when the user attempts to authenticate, and the user must respond to it in order to login, ensuring that they not only know their login information but also posess the device set up for MFA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Push as an authenticator factor requires the Auth0 Guardian app (or one built with the Guardian SDK) installed on the user's device. The app is sent push notifications when the user attempts to authenticate, and the user must respond to it in order to login, ensuring that they not only know their login information but also possess the device set up for MFA.```

End users will be prompted to download the app you have enabled in the Dashboard when trying to sign up or log in to your application. Once they indicate that they have successfully downloaded the app, a barcode will appear on screen. They will have a short amount of time in which to scan the code with the designated app. Once this is done, they should see a confirmation screen and also a recovery code to take note of.

Once this is all set up, when the user attempts to authenticate as normal, their device will receive a push notification via the app, and once they approve the request, they will be logged in.

> Auth0 supports the use of Auth0 Guardian ([Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.auth0.guardian) / [App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/auth0-guardian/id1093447833?mt=8)) for push notifications ([Duo](#duo) also can send push notifications, as discussed below).

Reviewer 2: Just in case: Duo link is not right here, right? Should be to the `multifactor-authentication/factors/duo` page?

---
title: MFA - Push Notifications
description: Using one time passwords with Auth0 MFA
toc: true
topics:
    - mfa
contentType:
  - index
useCase:
  - customize-mfa
---
# MFA with Push Notifications

> MFA by push notification does not require administrative setup beyond enabling the factor, if the Guardian app is being used. End users will need to have the app installed on their device. The app is sent push notifications when the user attempts to authenticate, and the user must respond to it in order to login, ensuring that they not only know their login information but also posess the device set up for MFA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabling Push, end-users will need to have Auth0 Guardian or a custom application built with the Guardian SDK installed in their device. The app is sent push notifications when the user attempts to authenticate, and the user must respond to it in order to login, ensuring that they not only know their login information but also posess the device set up for MFA.
```

> End users will be prompted to download the app you have enabled in the Dashboard when trying to sign up or log in to your application. Once they indicate that they have successfully downloaded the app, a barcode will appear on screen. They will have a short amount of time in which to scan the code with the designated app. Once this is done, they should see a confirmation screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End users will be prompted to download Auth0 Guardian when trying to sign up or log in to your application. Once they indicate that they have successfully downloaded the app, a QR code will appear on screen. They will have a short amount of time in which to scan the code with the designated app. Once this is done, they should see a confirmation screen.
```

Once this is all set up, when the user attempts to authenticate as normal, their device will receive a push notification via the app, and once they approve the request, they will be logged in.

<div class="phone-mockup"><img src="/media/articles/multifactor-authentication/guardian-push.png" alt="Guardian Push"/></div>

> Auth0 supports the use of Auth0 Guardian ([Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.auth0.guardian) / [App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/auth0-guardian/id1093447833?mt=8)) for push notifications. 

Reviewer: Auth0 Guardian is available in Google Play[..] and AppStore[..]

::: note
Duo also can send push notifications, but requires further administrative setup. See the [Duo](multifactor-authentication/factors/duo) page for more information.

> :::

Reviewer: Remove note
